the cries of Palestinian children too
young to understand
War confused and in shock they wait in
Gaza alaka Hospital the little boy in
blue pants describes seeing his
neighbor's gruesome head injury an image
that will surely haunt
him those who can't speak of the horrors
they've witnessed aren't
spared this baby lost his limb his life
forever changed by Israel's
War the agony is unavoidable and is
unfolding within gaza's few functioning
hospitals the relief of having survived
an air strike mixed with the torment of
more
attacks a woman hugs a child holding a
tight protecting it as best she can but
even in hospitals health is limited
health officials say medical supplies
allow bowed in during the ceasefire were
nowhere near
enough in Northern Gaza an air raate on
the jabalia refugee camp causes more
death and destruction the area is one of
the most densely populated and has been
targeted repeatedly during the past 8
weeks the relative peace of the
ceasefire is a distant
memory once again Gaza is an active war
zone and once again for Palestinians
nowhere feels safe
there is nothing there's no civil
defense there are no ambulances there's
no medical
services rescue crews say they no longer
have working machinery to search for
survivors under the rubble people offer
each other what little Comfort they
can people are just lying on the ground
there are body parts everywhere there
are dozens of
victims there is growing fear that
Israel is expanding its assault bombing
Southern Gaza areas it previously
described as
safe living in Terror Palestinians brace
for more attacks and cling to the Hope
another ceasefire will take
hold Kia Lopez Adan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer